
X refreshing /cars/ gives error - context call??

X allow web image urls to display on detail page

X The function inside your Context object that does the updating of state would use a switch case to look at the action property and then make the appropriate API call. If the API call is successful then the state value (with your data) inside of Context will be updated.

X Styling

X Update the /styles/theme.js to create your own theme. You can use the default theme or one of the other demo themes and build on top of that to create your theme, or you can just define your own theme entirely yourself.

X Use the sx props to style all your app elements.

X All pages should be designed as mobile-first and responsive.

X Good design practices should be followed. (Accessible colours, alignment, spacing, typographic hierarchy, etc.)



* ------------------------------------------------------------ *

X Fix PATCH route on backend

X CAR PAGE:
  X Display images
  X Have button for edit
  X Have button for delete

X Have button for add new car

X Update the /datasource/data.js file to create your own data for the website. Your objects need a minimum of an id plus three other properties. One of those three properties should be an image filename.

X There will be an image for each of your data objects. Store these images inside /public/images/. We are putting them here to simplify the loading of the images.


X Put your data into global state by using the Context API.

X Your Context object will make the initial fetch call, to the API defined in your /pages/api/ folder, and provide the object to any page that needs access.

X Provide CRUD features in your app to allow the user to add, edit, and delete items.

X When doing a Create, Update, or Delete operation, the page should make an appropriate call to your Context object to carry out the operation.

X The set operation call to your Context object should accept an object that contains an action and the data payload. See below for an example of two objects that could be passed to the Context set method.


X Your app should have a Home/welcome page, a page that shows a list of all your item titles, a page that shows the details and image for one item, and a page that lets you add a new item.

X The ability to delete or edit an item should be contained within the edit page.